what is going on all of you beautiful
people this is manufactured opinion here
and today i am bringing you another
ninokuni video involving the cute little
toko only this time it is in its second
form the Toco Toco which is just as
awesome to say because it is to chocos
but anyways i have a nice farming method
here for you today involving said Toco
Toco this works great when you're
training for the final boss fight and
also in the postgame but before I get
into that I just need to say that you
need the Vale spell in order to use this
method I will put an annotation in this
video linking you to a video that I have
just showing you how to get the Vale
spell if you've been following horses
riddles all throughout the game you
should be able to find him as soon as
you reach Perdita and you'll be able to
get the Vale spell right away which
means you can utilize this method right
away but on to the farming method a lot
of people will tell you and especially
in the postgame a lot of people will
tell you that toko to colds in the ivory
tower are the best enemies to farm
because they met you 20 mm experience
and I am NOT going to argue that that is
a lot of experience and you can rank up
familiars pretty damn fast if you have
some good luck finding those toko to
codes but after you know using different
methods in the ivory tower its it takes
kind of a long time because depending on
how you're running through the hallways
you may have to save and quit which
involves loading screens and continue
screens or you could Gateway which still
involves loading screens so it takes a
bit of time but with this method here
you can just travel back to Perdita all
the enemies respawn and you can run back
down the pathway again and I'll explain
the technique a little bit later but um
the best part about this technique with
Toco Toco z' is you have a pretty good
chance of finding two of them in combats
when you run into one on the world map
so that will net you around 17,000
experience which is pretty damn close to
eight oco-2 cold in the ivory tower and
the best part about that is this method
takes a lot less time than farming the
toko to code so this is something you're
obviously going to want to use before
find a boss battle and something you're
definitely going to want to keep in mind
postgame a farming choko two codes and
the ivory tower is just frustrating you
but anyways if you rewind the video a
little bit you'll see that I cast the
Vale spell at the top of the path near
the town of Perdita and I ran all the
way down the pathway now something I
want to keep in mind is one make sure
you look in the forest and in the trees
because the Toco Toco excuse me the Toco
Toco is maybe hidden in there and you
may run by one by accident another thing
to keep in mind is when you're using the
Vale spell you don't have to sneak up
behind any enemies you can just run
right at them with your arms flailing in
the air like a wacky waving inflatable
arm-flailing two men and they won't even
notice which is great you'll have the
upper hand in combat as soon as you run
into them and what you see what you see
saw in the video is I just ran down the
pathway looking for Toco Toco and then
when I reach the end of the pathway I
catch travel back to Perdita that resets
the spawns of the enemies and you run
back down the pathway and do that over
and over again to your heart's content
and so all of your wonderful familiars
are at the level cap and with this
technique the level cap really isn't
even an issue anymore it only takes you
maybe a couple of hours to get all of
your favourite familiars to the best
possible level so with that I leave you
guys I hope you enjoyed the video I hope
you found it informative I hope you're
enjoying ninokuni and as always I hope
you're enjoying life everybody I'll talk
to you later
[Music]